tools: unified file structure, grammar, additional descriptions, and styling (#166)
lukso-network/docs: docs/tools/lsp-factoryjs/classes/03-lsp7-digital-asset.md

#### Parameters

| Name                            | Type   | Description                                          |
| :------------------------------ | :----- | :--------------------------------------------------- |
| `digitalAssetDeploymentOptions` | Object | The [constructor parameters] used when deploying.    |
| `contractDeploymentOptions?`    | Object | The Specification for [Contract Deployment Options]. |

#### Parameters of `digitalAssetDeploymentOptions`

| Name                    | Type                               | Description                                                           |
| :---------------------- | :--------------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `name`                  | string                             | The name of the token.                                                |
| `symbol`                | string                             | The symbol of the token.                                              |
| `controllerAddress`     | string                             | The owner of the contract.                                            |

> | `isNFT`                 | boolean                            | Specify if the contract represent a fungible or a non-fungible token. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `isNFT`                 | boolean                            | Specify whether the token should be fungible by setting decimals value to 18. |
```

> | `isNFT`                 | boolean                            | Specify if the contract represent a fungible or a non-fungible token. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `isNFT`                 | boolean                            | Specify whether the token should be fungible by setting decimals value to 18. |
```

Author: A fungible token does not need to have 18 decemals. anyone can decide how much decimals he would like to have

Reviewer: The `isNFT` constructor in LSP7 sets the decimals value to 18. See https://github.com/lukso-network/lsp-smart-contracts/blob/develop/contracts/LSP7DigitalAsset/LSP7DigitalAssetCore.sol#L69, https://github.com/lukso-network/lsp-smart-contracts/blob/9469a23d2fa5fb71f2191895783dc34179e1306e/docs/ILSP7DigitalAsset.md#decimals

Reviewer: You can maybe link to this example from the standard doc

Author: nice! did not know it was set in the standard

| `deployReactive?`    | boolean | Whether to return an [RxJS Observable] of deployment events. Defaults to `false`.                                    |
| `deployProxy?`       | boolean | Whether the contract should be deployed using a proxy contract implementation (e.g., [EIP1167]). Defaults to `true`. |
| `uploadOptions?`     | Object  | The Specification of how the metadata should be uploaded.                                                            |
| `ipfsClientOptions?` | Object  | The IPFS client options as defined by the [IPFS-HTTP-Client] used internally.                                        |

:::info
You can read more about the `contractDeploymentOptions?` specification on [its official page](../deployment/05-contract-deployment-options.md).
:::

#### Returns

| Name         | Type                                                                 | Description                                                |
| :----------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `Promise`    | &ltDeployedLSP7DigitalAsset&gt, or &ltDigitalAssetDeploymentEvent&gt | An object containing deployed contract details.            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Promise`    | <DeployedLSP7DigitalAsset>, or <DigitalAssetDeploymentEvent> | An object containing deployed contract details.            |
```
```suggestion
| `Promise`    | &ltDeployedLSP7DigitalAsset&gt, or &ltDigitalAssetDeploymentEvent&gt | An object containing deployed contract details.            |
```

Author: same as above, counts as open tag

> | `Promise`    | &ltDeployedLSP7DigitalAsset&gt, or &ltDigitalAssetDeploymentEvent&gt | An object containing deployed contract details.            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Promise`    | <DeployedLSP7DigitalAsset>, or <DigitalAssetDeploymentEvent> | An object containing deployed contract details.            |
```
```suggestion
| `Promise`    | &ltDeployedLSP7DigitalAsset&gt, or &ltDigitalAssetDeploymentEvent&gt | An object containing deployed contract details.            |
```

> | `Observable` | RxJS &ltObject&gt                                                    | An [RxJS Observable], if `deployReactive` is set to `true` |

Reviewer: same here for <>

> | `Observable` | RxJS &ltObject&gt                                                    | An [RxJS Observable], if `deployReactive` is set to `true` |

Reviewer: same here for <>
